Review.create!(content: 'Dov was very responsive, and did a great job of keeping us informed about progress, decisions that we needed to make, and any issues that arose.', name: 'Bill and Rebecca Stevenson')

Review.create!(content: 'Dov Kram is a first class contractor with extremely high work quality and attention to detail. He led a project for us that ... was completed on time and on budget. Dov was accessible ... resolving issues immediately and offering thoughtful solutions.', name: 'Kate and Tony Leness')

Review.create!(content: 'Dov will work tirelessly to produce an amazing product for you all while controlling costs and striving to meet what ever completion date is agreed upon. Dov was made to be a building contractor and I can assure anyone who opts to work with Dov that they will not be disappointed.', name: 'Andy Marvel')

Review.create!(content: 'As a professional project manager, I had the pleasure of working with [Dov] for over 15 years. Every single project we undertook together was done with the highest of professionalism.', name: 'Pam Lodish')

Review.create!(content: "Dov's expertise, enthusiasm, and attention to detail ... assured that the renovation went according to plan.", name: 'Len Bierbrier ')

Review.create!(content: 'Dov worked for us ... during the course of more than 10 years. Throughout, and in every way, Dov was superlative. He was attentive, responsive, creative in problem solving, and had an exceptionally good attitude and professional demeanor.', name: 'Richard and Lynn Alfred')

Review.create!(content: 'We could not be more satisfied with the outcome and equally importantly, the working relationship that we enjoyed with Dov. Dov set the standard for competence, quality, work ethic and good cheer. He was unfailingly responsive to our every question and sensitive to our concerns as a homeowner.', name: 'Diana and Red Barrett')

Review.create!(content: 'Dov offers an impeccable work ethic, creative solutions and, importantly, a wonderful calm approach to what can often be stressful situations.', name: 'Hal Leibowitz')

Review.create!(content: 'Dov and his team provided the highest quality service in a highly professional and dependable manner. He was constantly on time, on budget and exceeded our expectations on the quality of his work.', name: 'Jeff and Amy Glass')

Review.create!(content: 'Dov Kram is an excellent problem solver, relatable, and principled professional.', name: 'Barbara Glauber')
